# free-ebooks
Free Ebooks about Artificial Intelligence, ChatGPT, Management, Self-Help, writed by MingHai Zheng

- Website: https://zhengpublishing.com/
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/YsykZheng

MingHai Zheng is the founder of zhengpublishing.com and lives in Wuhan, China. His main publishing areas are business, management, self-help, computers and other emerging foreword fields.

Please Buy Me a Coffee to support us if you think this book is valuable to you. click this link:

[https://www.buymeacoffee.com/minghaizheng](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/minghaizheng)

Want get more our free books? click here: [https://zhengpublishing.com/subscribe/](https://zhengpublishing.com/subscribe/)

book formats: EPUB,PDF,MOBI,AZW3

Artificial Intelligence in the Modern Office: Advanced Techniques for Enhanced Performance and Automation
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVJSVgaIDyt0MJaz


The Power of Mindful Sleep: Practicing Mindful Sleep for Better Sleep and Healthier Living
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTxmHonJvVXmI8KO


The Art of Critical Thinking: Developing Critical Thinking Skills for Problem-Solving at Work
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTQjFDm2g4ToSzxD


AI for Small Business Customer Service: Techniques and Strategies for Enhanced Satisfaction
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUNr-dA41_ulei57


AI for Stress Management: Techniques and Strategies to Manage Stress with Technology
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVftA61IsyikO5KM


Artificial Intelligence and Transportation Infrastructure: Exploring the Role of Intelligent Technologies in Designing Smart Cities
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUIFo5Q-7XwALk58


Revolutionizing Small Business with AI: Techniques and Strategies for Optimal Efficiency and Productivity
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUW6Hgj_fw__bQNi


The AI-Optimized Content Creator: Strategies and Techniques for More Effective and Efficient Content Marketing
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTga8W1Tn81HyaPT


AI for Small Business Analytics: Techniques and Strategies for More Accurate Data Analysis
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUskl1oT9W9RO-6H


AI for Small Business Content Marketing: Techniques and Strategies for More Effective Outreach
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVvkyHDbpdCqAZGV


AI for Social Media Marketing: The Future of Influencer Engagement
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUqdgax6HZs9Mz2T


The Art of Confident Leadership: Learning from Mistakes and Leading with Purpose and Vision
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgT3nWe8N9SYPnjkc


AI for Small Business Owners: A Comprehensive Guide to Leveraging Technology for Better Outcomes
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUHfwnNr7TVDjej3


AI for Self-Discovery: Understanding Yourself Better with Artificial Intelligence
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUTMMZjddWnrNq7e


The AI-Powered Book: Using Machine Learning for More Effective Book Writing and Publishing
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVpLb_AZr1zhuwd8


Artificial Intelligence and Smart Cities: The Role of Intelligent Technologies in Building Sustainable and Livable Cities
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUAGo7brKBJERNHY


The Art Of Digital Leadership: Leading Effectively In The Digital Age
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVlA6_6u1Dq63JoW


AI-Driven Innovation: Disruptive Solutions for Modern Businesses
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgU9ZOMXPyGF4OQNV


The Art Of Creativity And Innovation In The Workplace: Techniques For Generating Breakthrough Ideas
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUy6Ega4yCkquZwT


Using AI to Enhance Small Business Product Development: Techniques and Strategies for More Effective Results
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUh5KHa9ACT5o-iC


The Art of Collaboration: How to Work with Others and Enhance Your Learning
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgToPEeLfNcGcySL4


The Art of Being You: Building a Powerful Personal Brand That Reflects Your True Self
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVPSZ3guicBWOyzK


The Power of Gratitude Journaling: Cultivating a Positive Mindset for Greater Peace
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTXLFtUsFsJZoOdc


The AI Content Marketing Revolution: Collaborating with Machine Learning to Take Your Content to the Next Level
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUenWwI6n2K2IIrV


AI for Resilience: Techniques and Exercises to Build Mental Toughness and Adaptability
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgU6PFdYhn2vJmZTN


AI for Small Business Branding: Techniques and Strategies for More Effective Marketing
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVgeG6Nv9fKQlqTQ


Artificial Intelligence and the Future of Small Businesses: Maximizing Opportunities with AI
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVYHdXPd30Aehu2b


AI for Self-Motivation: Techniques and Strategies for Greater Drive and Energy with Machine Learning
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTceZbB6_cJQv3dE


The Art of Customer Relationship Management: Building Strong Relationships with Customers
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgT_X83guK2sKc8o8


AI-Powered Voice and Language Technology: Improving Accessibility and Communication
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgU2ljA2x1nEP2vwr


AI for Self-Discovery and Renewal: Techniques and Strategies for Meaning and Fulfillment with Machine Learning
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgT4UUOE4KqIjUTV7


AI for Scriptwriting: Techniques and Strategies for More Effective Film and TV Writing with Technology
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVXa1465aMjNpWbh


AI for Small Business Customer Intelligence: Techniques and Strategies for More Effective Engagement
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVA30sWEj4Wa66u1


AI for Personal Mastery: Techniques and Strategies for Continuous Improvement and Success with Technology
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUaFVhTSW9YVeDxz


The Power of Collaboration in Effective Communication: Encouraging Cooperation and Synergy
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTuuqpOqmU3gspfq


AI for Quality Control: Advancing Manufacturing Operations and Product Quality
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTbCj9Hi0pK7_eKj


The AI Writing Professor: Collaborative Learning Strategies and Personalized Feedback for Better Writing Outcomes
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgUm4SkytUNGUWNTR


The AI-Powered Small Business Mastermind: Collaborating for Optimal Results
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVEfxgbSdRUUMi2U


The AI-Powered Office Revolution: Leveraging Technology for Optimal Performance and Productivity
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgTmPlKC4bo7tId2F


The Art of Branding: Creating a Unique Identity with Imagination and Strategy
https://1drv.ms/u/s!An6wJwZgKuOsgVTACHtr0sgvASCK

